src/content/products/en/item-b203.md, before:

---
title: "SF-BN B203"
description: "Tap Bolts and Nuts Set"
main:
  id: 3
  content: |
    Meet the SF-BN B203 – your reliable companion for professional-grade fastening. This comprehensive box set comes with a versatile selection of tap bolts and nuts, meticulously crafted to provide the strongest hold for your construction and assembly projects.
  imgCard: "@/images/product-image-3.avif"
  imgMain: "@/images/product-image-main-3.avif"
  imgAlt: "Mockup boxes of a tap bolts and nuts set"
tabs:
  - id: "tabs-with-card-item-1"
    dataTab: "#tabs-with-card-1"
    title: "Description"
  - id: "tabs-with-card-item-2"
    dataTab: "#tabs-with-card-2"
    title: "Specifications"
  - id: "tabs-with-card-item-3"
    dataTab: "#tabs-with-card-3"
    title: "Blueprints"
longDescription:
  title: "Strength Meets Precision"
  subTitle: |
    The SF-BN B203 Tap Bolts and Nuts Set offers robust durability and precision for construction professionals, ensuring reliable performance in every application, from house framing to machinery assembly.
  btnTitle: "Contact sales to learn more"
  btnURL: "#"
descriptionList:
  - title: "Corrosion Resistance"
    subTitle: "Zinc coating not only provides a polished look but also shields against corrosion, ensuring longevity."
  - title: "Improved Safety"
    subTitle: "A secure fitting translates to safer structures with reduced risk of component failure."
  - title: "Convenience"
    subTitle: "This all-in-one set means you have the right size on hand, cutting down on project delays and additional trips to the hardware store."
specificationsLeft:
  - title: "Material Composition"
    subTitle: "Manufactured from high-grade steel, delivering strength and reliability for demanding applications."
  - title: "Surface Finish"
    subTitle: "Protected with a zinc coating to offer enhanced corrosion resistance and longevity."
  - title: "Quantity Per Set"
    subTitle: "The set includes a balanced selection of 25 tap bolts and 25 matching nuts."
  - title: "Size Assortment"
    subTitle: "Features a comprehensive range of sizes to cater to various project requirements, ensuring compatibility and versatility."
specificationsRight:
  - title: "Thread Details"
    subTitle: "Engineered with precision-cut threads for a secure fit and easy installation."
  - title: "Mechanical Properties"
    subTitle: "Each bolt and nut is designed to meet specific load rating or strength grades, suitable for structural applications."
  - title: "Standards and Certifications"
    subTitle: "Complies with relevant industry standards and certifications, ensuring consistent quality and safety."
  - title: "Suitable Applications"
    subTitle: "Ideal for a wide array of uses, from construction environments to mechanical assemblies that demand strong and secure joints."
blueprints:
  first: "@/images/blueprint-1.avif"
  second: "@/images/blueprint-2.avif"  
---

Commit message:

changed product cards content and navbar and added link to our clients in footer, changed colors in arabic page

src/content/products/en/item-b203.md, after:

---
title: "SF-3 PET Preforms"
description: "PET preforms"
main:
  id: 3
  content: |
    Meet the SF-3 PET Preforms – your reliable companion for high-quality PET bottle production. These preforms are designed to provide precision and durability, making them the ideal solution for beverage and packaging industries.
  imgCard: "@/images/product-image-3.avif"
  imgMain: "@/images/product-image-main-3.avif"
  imgAlt: "Mockup boxes of PET preforms"
tabs:
  - id: "tabs-with-card-item-1"
    dataTab: "#tabs-with-card-1"
    title: "Description"
  - id: "tabs-with-card-item-2"
    dataTab: "#tabs-with-card-2"
    title: "Specifications"
  - id: "tabs-with-card-item-3"
    dataTab: "#tabs-with-card-3"
    title: "Blueprints"
longDescription:
  title: "Precision and Durability in Every Preform"
  subTitle: |
    The SF-3 PET Preforms are engineered to meet the high standards of the beverage, cosmetic, and pharmaceutical industries, ensuring strong, clear bottles that hold up to high-quality production processes.
  btnTitle: "Contact sales to learn more"
  btnURL: "#"
descriptionList:
  - title: "Strength and Durability"
    subTitle: "Made from premium-grade PET plastic, these preforms are designed to withstand the high-pressure blow molding process and provide durable final products."
  - title: "Precision Molding"
    subTitle: "Engineered for consistency and uniformity, ensuring each preform meets exact specifications for a seamless production process."
  - title: "Versatility"
    subTitle: "Ideal for a wide variety of industries including food, beverage, and personal care, offering flexible packaging solutions."
specificationsLeft:
  - title: "Material"
    subTitle: "Produced from high-quality PET material, known for its clarity, strength, and durability."
  - title: "Weight"
    subTitle: "Available in various weights, allowing flexibility to suit different bottle sizes and product types."
  - title: "Quantity"
    subTitle: "Each package contains a sufficient number of preforms to meet the needs of your production process."
  - title: "Sizes"
    subTitle: "Available in various sizes and shapes to meet diverse bottle design requirements."
specificationsRight:
  - title: "Finish"
    subTitle: "Smooth and clean surface finish that ensures compatibility with blow molding for optimal bottle quality."
  - title: "Transparency"
    subTitle: "Crystal-clear PET, allowing your product to be clearly visible through the bottle."
  - title: "Certifications"
    subTitle: "Compliant with international packaging and food safety standards, ensuring safe and reliable usage."
  - title: "Applications"
    subTitle: "Ideal for use in beverage, cosmetic, pharmaceutical, and other packaging sectors that require high-quality PET bottles."
blueprints:
  first: "@/images/blueprint-1.avif"
  second: "@/images/blueprint-2.avif"
---
