src/content/products/en/item-t845.md, before:

---
title: "SF-TB T845"
description: "Machine Screws"
main:
  id: 1
  content: |
    Introducing the SF-TB T845 – your go-to solution for precision fastening in machinery and equipment. This comprehensive set of machine screws is meticulously crafted to meet the stringent demands of industrial applications, ensuring secure and reliable fastening.
  imgCard: "@/images/product-image-1.avif"
  imgMain: "@/images/product-image-main-1.avif"
  imgAlt: "Mockup boxes of machine screws set"
tabs:
  - id: "tabs-with-card-item-1"
    dataTab: "#tabs-with-card-1"
    title: "Description"
  - id: "tabs-with-card-item-2"
    dataTab: "#tabs-with-card-2"
    title: "Specifications"
  - id: "tabs-with-card-item-3"
    dataTab: "#tabs-with-card-3"
    title: "Blueprints"
longDescription:
  title: "Precision Fastening Solutions"
  subTitle: |
    The SF-TB T845 Machine Screws offer unparalleled precision and reliability for industrial applications, ensuring seamless operation and longevity for your machinery and equipment.
  btnTitle: "Contact sales to learn more"
  btnURL: "#"
descriptionList:
  - title: "Durability"
    subTitle: "Crafted from high-quality materials, these machine screws are built to withstand the rigors of industrial environments."
  - title: "Precision Engineering"
    subTitle: "Engineered with precision-cut threads and exact specifications, ensuring a tight and secure fit for every application."
  - title: "Versatility"
    subTitle: "Suitable for a wide range of machinery and equipment, providing versatile fastening solutions for various industrial needs."
specificationsLeft:
  - title: "Material Composition"
    subTitle: "Constructed from premium-grade steel or alloy for exceptional strength and durability."
  - title: "Surface Finish"
    subTitle: "Finished with a protective coating to enhance corrosion resistance and extend service life."
  - title: "Quantity Per Set"
    subTitle: "Each set contains a comprehensive assortment of machine screws to meet diverse industrial requirements."
  - title: "Size Range"
    subTitle: "Available in various sizes and lengths to accommodate different machinery and equipment specifications."
specificationsRight:
  - title: "Thread Specifications"
    subTitle: "Precision-engineered threads ensure optimal grip and reliability, even in high-vibration environments."
  - title: "Load Capacity"
    subTitle: "Designed to meet or exceed industry standards for load-bearing capacity, ensuring safe and reliable operation."
  - title: "Certifications"
    subTitle: "Compliant with relevant industry standards and certifications, guaranteeing quality and reliability."
  - title: "Applications"
    subTitle: "Ideal for use in a wide range of industrial machinery, equipment, and assemblies that demand precise and secure fastening."
blueprints:
  first: "@/images/blueprint-1.avif"
  second: "@/images/blueprint-2.avif"   
---

Commit message:

changed product cards content and navbar and added link to our clients in footer, changed colors in arabic page

src/content/products/en/item-t845.md, after:

---
title: "SF-1 PET Preforms"
description: "PET preforms"
main:
  id: 1
  content: |
    Introducing the SF-1 PET Preforms – your go-to solution for producing high-quality PET bottles. These preforms are engineered for precision, providing the strength and clarity needed in the beverage and packaging industries.
  imgCard: "@/images/product-image-1.avif"
  imgMain: "@/images/product-image-main-1.avif"
  imgAlt: "Mockup boxes of PET preforms"
tabs:
  - id: "tabs-with-card-item-1"
    dataTab: "#tabs-with-card-1"
    title: "Description"
  - id: "tabs-with-card-item-2"
    dataTab: "#tabs-with-card-2"
    title: "Specifications"
  - id: "tabs-with-card-item-3"
    dataTab: "#tabs-with-card-3"
    title: "Blueprints"
longDescription:
  title: "High-Quality PET Preforms for Bottling"
  subTitle: |
    The SF-1 PET Preforms are designed to produce strong, clear, and reliable PET bottles. Whether you're manufacturing containers for beverages or other products, these preforms deliver outstanding performance.
  btnTitle: "Contact sales to learn more"
  btnURL: "#"
descriptionList:
  - title: "Strength and Durability"
    subTitle: "Made from premium-grade PET plastic, these preforms offer exceptional durability, perfect for high-volume bottling."
  - title: "Precision Molding"
    subTitle: "Engineered with precision to ensure consistent quality and uniformity, ensuring reliable production every time."
  - title: "Versatility"
    subTitle: "Ideal for a wide range of industries, including food and beverage, pharmaceuticals, and cosmetics, providing versatile packaging solutions."
specificationsLeft:
  - title: "Material"
    subTitle: "Manufactured from high-quality PET material, providing clarity, strength, and durability."
  - title: "Weight"
    subTitle: "Available in various weights to suit different bottle sizes and applications."
  - title: "Quantity"
    subTitle: "Each package contains a sufficient number of preforms to meet your production needs."
  - title: "Sizes"
    subTitle: "Available in different sizes to accommodate various bottle shapes and capacities."
specificationsRight:
  - title: "Finish"
    subTitle: "Smooth surface finish, ensuring compatibility with blow molding processes for high-quality bottle production."
  - title: "Transparency"
    subTitle: "Crystal-clear PET preforms that allow for perfect visibility, ideal for showcasing your product."
  - title: "Certifications"
    subTitle: "Compliant with international packaging and food safety standards, ensuring top-tier quality and reliability."
  - title: "Applications"
    subTitle: "Perfect for use in the beverage, cosmetic, pharmaceutical, and other industries where high-quality PET bottles are required."
blueprints:
  first: "@/images/blueprint-1.avif"
  second: "@/images/blueprint-2.avif"
---
